1 - I would scale this script for use with 1000s of domains by handling that in a wrapper script that takes that large list of domains and splits it into chunks and runs each chunk as a seperate instance of this container. This allows for concurrency. If we allowed the program to used cached results, it would allow us to quickly resume in the event the script/container fails for some reason.

2 - I would monitor/alert on this service I would do 2 things. For exceptions that get handled within the script (things like malformed API calls or remote server issues), I would have the script send out an alert, probably via SNS. For monitoring the container/script itself, I would handle that whereever this is being run. 

3 - In the scripts current form, adding new domains is easy as they would just be added to the list that gets passed in as a parameter. This could be easily expanded to read in a list of domains from a file. Adding an event to check for cerificate expiry would be an easy addition of adding another function to check the dates and alert if the expirery is within whatever the appropiate threshold is.

4 - I think this depends on what type of enhancements are being requested. For "simple" requests like for adding/removing fields, how the output is formatted or even how the output is deliveried could be addressed by designing the script to take those in as parameters so it can be changed on the fly without needing my intervention. For more serious requests that might need logic changes or refactoring, then that would have to go through the normal process of creating a work item, getting time allocated and then actually implementing it.